# integralTransformation
This repo includes a program that demonstrates AO --> MO two-electron integral transformation. This is a critical step in most post-SCF quantum chemistry calculations.

The program requires a Gaussian unformatted matrix file as input. Such a file can be generated by the widely used G16 suite of electronic structure programs. The program also relies on the Merced quantum chemistry package (MQCPack), which is freely available at https://github.com/MQCPack/mqcPack.

There are a few option switches available for the program:
  - `-doN8` requests and `-skipN8` supresses O(N^8) transformation.
  - `-doSlowN5` requests and `-skipSlowN5` supresses slower blocks of O(N^5) quarter transformation code.
  - `-doRegularN5` requests and `-skipRegularN5` supresses regular blocks of O(N^5) quarter transformation code.
  - `-useBLAS` requests use of BLAS DGEMM calls to carry out O(N^5) quarter transformations as matrix multiplications.
  - `-useMatMul` requests use of intrinsic MatMul calls to carry out O(N^5) quarter transformations as matrix multiplications.
  - `-debug` requests extra print.


# Test Jobs
Test jobs are provided in directories `GTests` and `ITTests`. The `GTests` directory has Gaussian input files that can be run with G16 to generate unformated matrix files that `integralTransformation.exe` uses as an input.

The `ITTests` directory has outputs (`*.out`) from running the `integralTransformation.exe` program with the corresponding matrix files generated in `GTests`.
